order things I would caution you about your entire life is not believing
what entertainment tries to tell you about a career or life as you
go through life you'll see movies all the time and you'll hear people
say oh that movie is just like it was and mostly that's absolutely
wrong movies accentuate what's interesting and they would play leave
off the parts that are boring and dull and and that gives you a
false impression of what life was like so I think movies are not correct
in the way they portray life but I think video games particularly
give you a false impression because a lot of the young kids I mean
in high schools today wanna tell me they're going to join the military
shoot somebody like a cannon to video games and I have to tell
only one quarter of the people in the army one quarter are in combat
arms that means three quarters done anything to do with weapons one
quarter in combat arms to guys in combat arms only half of them have
anything directly to do with the weapon if you're an armored battalion
you're as likely to be a tank truck driver driving fuel around
as you are to be a tank driver driving a taker so that means there is
only one eighth of the chains and then you talk about the number of
those guys who ever see combat you talk about the route guys who were
in combat will ever get a chance to fire the weapon and the guys
if you fire the weapon most the time they're just shooting at an area
that I don't have any idea who's out so the idea go around shooting
individual people looks good in the movies in the video games the
way life is sorry